father's day usually means buying dad a
necktie or giving him a day off from
chores or perhaps a round of golf but
what if it meant hunting bighorn sheep
or mountain goat this fall drawing some
trophy or big game licenses in Wyoming
can be tough but this fall a handful of
hunters will bypass the usual method of
obtaining one of Wyoming's toughest
hunting licenses last year Wyoming
joined other western states by offering
a hunting license raffle for its premier
big game and trophy game species the
super tag and super tag trifecta raffles
raised over six hundred sixty seven
thousand dollars for the Wyoming Game
and Fish Department last year the
ten-dollar super tag raffle ticket gives
hunters a chance to hunt bighorn sheep
mountain goat moose elk wild bison deer
antelope and black bear in any area they
choose with just a handful of exceptions
over two hundred forty five thousand
dollars of the total raised last year
was from the $30 super tag trifecta
raffle ticket which makes sense winning
that raffle gives a hunter a chance to
hunt three of those species last year
over 9,300 hunters purchased over 50,000
raffle tickets residents buying up fifty
nine percent of the chances Daniel halka
Britain bought just for bison tickets
and ended up bringing home a bull that
ranked second in the latest scoring
period and ranks 26th all time in the
Pope and young archery record book
Oklahoma resident Ben Carruthers needed
just one ticket to win the super tag
trifecta raffle Carruthers spent 30 days
in Wyoming hunting mountain goat bighorn
sheep and moose taking one of each
including a mountain goat with 10-inch
horns Jay Hensley of Casper took home an
impressive 49 inch moose with his moose
super tag the advantages in winning
these tags is that winners still retain
all preference points accumulated and
moose and bighorn sheep winners are
exempt from the mandatory five year
waiting periods before reapplying for a
license the once-in-a-lifetime license
restrictions for wild bison and mountain
goat licenses also waived super tag
raffle tickets are available until July
first on the game and fish website
winners will be notified
by July fifteenth and must follow all
applicable dates regulations and laws
for selected hunt areas and must
purchase the applicable licenses and or
stamps before hunting if dad likes to
hunt and fish give him a chance for a
hunt of his lifetime with the Wyoming
Game and Fish ray Hegeman KTOO news